Improve doc (#4915)
shogun-toolbox/shogun: doc/readme/EXAMPLES.md

For details, see `CMakeLists.txt` in `examples/meta/` for details, `generate.py` and `translate.py` in `examples/meta/generator/`.

## Adding new examples
It is extremely simple to add a new example: simply create another `*.sg.in` file in the `examples/meta/src/*/` directory.
For example, if you are porting `kernel-linear.py` then you should create `examples/meta/src/**kernel/linear.sg.in**`. To create the corresponding `.sg` file (which will be located in the build directory) run
 ```
 cmake .. && cmake --build . --target meta_examples
 ```
Please ensure `BUILD_META_EXAMPLES=ON` is set. We are currently porting all existing Python examples in the deprecated folder `examples/undocumented/python_modular` to the shogun's meta language. For further details have a look at [#3555](https://github.com/shogun-toolbox/shogun/issues/3555).

> If you are porting a new example, great! Better yet, add the corresponding data. Check [DEVELOPMENT.md](DEVELOPING.md###Integration_testing_of_results) under "Integration testing of results" to learn how to add integration data after porting meta example.

Reviewer: isn't "under "Integration testing of results" redundant, as you already provide the respective href?

Reviewer 2: True! But when you click on the link we are directed a bit above "Integration test results" , so I added the line to show them where exactly to look. More like a safety measure

Reviewer 3: I just read the file as a whole. Almost all the things you added here are written above (cmake command, the flags, where files are located). This bloats the file. Further, if people are unable to locate the relevant section in the referenced develop readme, then all hope is lost.
Therefore, I am quite reluctant of merging this.

For details, see `CMakeLists.txt` in `examples/meta/` for details, `generate.py` and `translate.py` in `examples/meta/generator/`.

## Adding new examples

> It is extremely simple to add a new example: simple create another `*.sg.in` file in the `examples/meta/src/*/` directory. For example, if you are porting `kernel-linear.py` then you should create `linear.sg.in` under `examples/meta/src/kernel/`. To create corresponding `.sg` file it is essential to run `cmake .. && make` and then port the examples using `make meta_examples`, please ensure `BUILD_META_EXAMPLES=ON` is set. We are currently porting all existing Python examples in the deprecated folder `examples/undocumented/python_modular` to the new system -- a copy paste [entrance task](https://github.com/shogun-toolbox/shogun/issues/3555).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is extremely simple to add a new example: simply create another `*.sg.in` file in the `examples/meta/src/*/` directory.
For example, if you are porting `kernel-linear.py` then you should create `examples/meta/src/**kernel/linear.sg.in**`. To create the corresponding `.sg` file (which will be located in the build directory) run `cmake .. && cmake --build . --target meta_examples`. Please ensure `BUILD_META_EXAMPLES=ON` is set. 
We are currently porting all existing Python examples in the deprecated folder `examples/undocumented/python_modular` to the shogun's meta language. For further details have a look at #3555.
```

Reviewer: @NanuSai when writing docs you shouldn't assume that people are using `make`, some of us use `ninja` or the visual studio build system. The generic way to do it with cmake is `cmake --build . --target TARGET`.

For details, see `CMakeLists.txt` in `examples/meta/` for details, `generate.py` and `translate.py` in `examples/meta/generator/`.

## Adding new examples
It is extremely simple to add a new example: simply create another `*.sg.in` file in the `examples/meta/src/*/` directory.
For example, if you are porting `kernel-linear.py` then you should create `examples/meta/src/**kernel/linear.sg.in**`. To create the corresponding `.sg` file (which will be located in the build directory) run `cmake .. && cmake --build . --target meta_examples`. Please ensure `BUILD_META_EXAMPLES=ON` is set. 
We are currently porting all existing Python examples in the deprecated folder `examples/undocumented/python_modular` to the shogun's meta language. For further details have a look at #3555.

> If you are porting a new example, great! Better yet, add the corresponding data. After running make meta_examples, `*.dat` file is produced by default under the `build/meta/cpp/*/` folder. This file is used for test integration and should be copied to your `data/` submodule under `testsuite/meta/*/` directory. Once that is done send a pull request to the [shogun-data repository](https://github.com/shogun-toolbox/shogun-data). Once that is done, finalize your changes a send a pull request from your main directory. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are porting a new example, great! Better yet, add the corresponding data. After running make meta_examples, a `*.dat` file is produced, which by default is under the `build/meta/cpp/*/` folder. This file is used for test integration and should be copied to your `data/` submodule under `testsuite/meta/*/` directory. Once that is done send a pull request to the [shogun-data repository](https://github.com/shogun-toolbox/shogun-data). Once that is done, finalize your changes a send a pull request from your main directory. 
```

Reviewer: isn't the part that you added already described somewhere else?

Reviewer 2: I don't think so. Atleast I wasn't able to find it, but I guess it's good if it's posted right here at the EXAMPLES.md.

EDIT: Sorry it was mentioned, it was only mentioned "please follow similar instructions as original DEVELOPMENT.md" but for shogun-data repository. But I guess this simplifies things? :)

> If you are porting a new example, great! Better yet, add the corresponding data. After running make meta_examples, a `*.dat` file is produced, which by default is under the `build/meta/cpp/*/` folder. This file is used for test integration and should be copied to your `data/` submodule under `testsuite/meta/*/` directory. Once that is done send a pull request to the [shogun-data repository](https://github.com/shogun-toolbox/shogun-data). Once that is done, finalize your changes a send a pull request from your main directory. 

Reviewer 3: "make meta_examples" should be formatted as code

For details, see `CMakeLists.txt` in `examples/meta/` for details, `generate.py` and `translate.py` in `examples/meta/generator/`.

## Adding new examples
It is extremely simple to add a new example: simply create another `*.sg.in` file in the `examples/meta/src/*/` directory.
For example, if you are porting `kernel-linear.py` then you should create `examples/meta/src/**kernel/linear.sg.in**`. To create the corresponding `.sg` file (which will be located in the build directory) run
 ```
 cmake .. && cmake --build . --target meta_examples
 ```
Please ensure `BUILD_META_EXAMPLES=ON` is set. We are currently porting all existing Python examples in the deprecated folder `examples/undocumented/python_modular` to the shogun's meta language. For further details have a look at [#3555](https://github.com/shogun-toolbox/shogun/issues/3555).

> If you are porting a new example, great! Better yet, add the corresponding data. After building meta_examples a `*.dat` file is produced, which by default is under the `build/meta/cpp/*/` folder. This file is used for test integration and should be copied to your `data/` submodule under `testsuite/meta/*/` directory. Once that is done send a pull request to the [shogun-data repository](https://github.com/shogun-toolbox/shogun-data). Once that is done, finalize your changes a send a pull request from your main directory. 

Reviewer 3: Question, the old text referred to the developing readme. This was done to minimise redundancy, so either move the description from there to here or keep on only referring to it?

Reviewer 2: I say we move it because it's cumbersome to switch context and then to navigate what we're looking for. Ofcourse I'm speaking from newcomer's perspective. What's your opinion?

And if neccesary we can refer "adding data" from DEVELOPING.md to EXAMPLES.md. Meaning EXAMPLES.md will have the actual written thing

Reviewer 3: Having the same thing twice in different files creates maintainability nightmares, so I think referring is a better idea.

Reviewer 2: Noted. Will do that.

Please take inspiration from the existing examples, especially those that were written as part of the [Google Summer of Code](https://github.com/shogun-toolbox/shogun/wiki/GSoC-follow-up-blog-posts) 2016.

A recent [pull request](https://github.com/shogun-toolbox/shogun/pull/4898), with corresponding data [pull request](https://github.com/shogun-toolbox/shogun-data) could serve as a great example highlighting the mishaps and the general procedure of example porting, use it as a reference.

> NOTE: As happened in the above case, please make sure to rebase both the submodule and main directory before making a PR.

Reviewer 3: Remove this is unrelated

Reviewer 2: Ok

Reviewer 2: I just thought it would be helpful to have a reference PR
